# Common program running errors

## Problems caused by lack of node environment
Q: Error when crawling Douyin and Zhihu: `execjs._exceptions.ProgramError: SyntaxError: Missing ';'` <br>
A: This error is due to the lack of nodejs environment. This error can be solved by installing nodejs environment. The version is greater than or equal to: `v16` <br>

Q: When using cookies to crawl Douyin, an error message appears: execjs._exceptions.ProgramError: TypeError: Cannot read property 'JS_MD5_NO_COMMON_JS' of null
A: For Windows computers, go to the website to download the Windows 64-bit Installer version `https://nodejs.org/en/blog/release/v16.8.0` and just keep going to the next step.

## There is a problem with xhs login that the slider fails to pass the verification.

Q: After successfully logging in by scanning the QR code on Xiaohongshu, the browser keeps verifying the slider and cannot log in? <br>
A: This situation is usually caused by the problem of being recognized using the playwright browser driver. You can try to delete the `brower_data` folder in the project directory and go through the login process again. <br>

## How to specify keywords
Q: Can I specify keywords for crawling? <br>
A: The KEYWORDS parameter in config/base_config.py is used to control the keywords that need to be crawled <br>

## How to specify a post
Q: Can I specify posts to crawl? <br>
A: The XHS_SPECIFIED_ID_LIST parameter in config/base_config.py is used to control the list of post IDs that need to be crawled <br>

## Crawling failed
Q: I can crawl data at first, but then it becomes invalid after a while? <br>
A: This situation is most likely due to your account triggering the platform’s risk control mechanism. ❗️❗️ Please do not crawl the platform on a large scale or affect the platform. <br>

## How to change another account
Q: How to change the login account? <br>
A: Just delete the brower_data/ folder in the project root directory <br>

## playwright timeout issue
Q: Error `playwright._impl._api_types.TimeoutError: Timeout 30000ms exceeded.`<br>
A: When this happens, check whether you can open the ladder<br>

## If you configure the playwright browser driver to have slider verification
Q: How to manually verify after successfully logging in by scanning the QR code on Xiaohongshu?
A: Open the config/base_config.py file, find the HEADLESS configuration item, set it to False, restart the project, and manually pass the verification code in the browser<br>

## Word cloud generation
Q: How to configure the generation of word cloud graph?
A: Open the config/base_config.py file, find the two configuration items `ENABLE_GET_WORDCLOUD` and `ENABLE_GET_COMMENTS`, and set them both to True to use this function. <br>

## Add banned words and custom phrases to the word cloud chart
Q: How to add banned words and custom phrases to the word cloud chart?
A: Open `docs/hit_stopwords.txt` and enter the stopwords (note one word per line). Open the config/base_config.py file to find `CUSTOM_WORDS` and add custom phrases according to the format. <br>
