#Introduction to paid knowledge
Open source is a kind of selfless dedication. It has been more than a year since MediaCrawler was open sourced, but it has not brought me much substantive things. Take the income as an example, sponsorship fees, appreciation, etc. all add up to less than the previous month's salary.

Later, after I took the MediaCrawler source code analysis course, my income was slightly better, but it was also the support of my brothers in the group for my open source. Thank you very much~

But I still insist on continuing to open source. From the beginning, it was supported by 2 platforms, xhs and dy, and now it is supported by **7 platforms**. Every time a platform is added, it actually takes a lot of time to write code and debug the code. . . .

I was chatting with a good friend in the group today, and he said: Open source developers also need to survive. Don’t be embarrassed to pay for knowledge, your labor is valuable.

He woke me up, so I put the paid knowledge content I provided below, and friends in need can take a look~

## MediaCrawlerPro project source code subscription service
[mediacrawlerpro subscription document description](mediacrawlerpro subscription.md)

## MediaCrawler source code analysis video course
[mediacrawler source code course introduction](https://relakkes.feishu.cn/wiki/JUgBwdhIeiSbAwkFCLkciHdAnhh)

## Knowledge Planet Reptile Reverse and Programming Column
[Introduction to Knowledge Planet Column](Introduction to Knowledge Planet.md)
