MindSpider/DeepSentimentCrawling/MediaCrawler/docs/词云图使用配置.md, before:

# 关于词云图相关操作

## 1.如何正确调用词云图
> ps:目前只有保存格式为json文件时，才会生成词云图。其他存储方式添加词云图将在近期添加。

需要修改的配置项（./config/base_config.py）：

```python
# 数据保存类型选项配置,支持三种类型：csv、db、json
#此处需要为json格式保存，原因如上
SAVE_DATA_OPTION = "json"  # csv or db or json
```

```python
# 是否开启爬评论模式, 默认不开启爬评论
#此处为True，需要爬取评论才可以生成评论的词云图。
ENABLE_GET_COMMENTS = True
```

```python
#词云相关
#是否开启生成评论词云图
#打开词云图功能
ENABLE_GET_WORDCLOUD = True
```

```python
# 添加自定义词语及其分组
#添加规则：xx:yy 其中xx为自定义添加的词组，yy为将xx该词组分到的组名。
CUSTOM_WORDS = {
    '零几': '年份',  # 将“零几”识别为一个整体
    '高频词': '专业术语'  # 示例自定义词
}
```

```python
#停用(禁用)词文件路径
STOP_WORDS_FILE = "./docs/hit_stopwords.txt"
```

```python
#中文字体文件路径
FONT_PATH= "./docs/STZHONGS.TTF"
```

**相关解释**

- 自定义词组的添加，`xx:yy` 中`xx`为自定义词语，`yy`为`xx`分配词语的组别。`yy`可以随便给任意值。

- 如果需要添加禁用词，请在./docs/hit_stopwords.txt添加禁用词(保证格式正确，一个词语一行)
- `FONT_PATH`为生成词云图中中文字体的格式，默认为宋体。可以自行添加字体文件，修改路径。

## 2.生成词云图的位置

![image-20240627204928601](https://rosyrain.oss-cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com/img2/202406272049662.png)

如图，在data文件下的`words文件夹`下，其中json为词频统计文件，png为词云图。原本的评论内容在`json文件夹`下。

Commit message:

Translated comments and docs to english

MindSpider/DeepSentimentCrawling/MediaCrawler/docs/词云图使用配置.md, after:

# About word cloud graph related operations

## 1. How to correctly call word cloud chart
> ps: Currently, the word cloud graph will be generated only when the save format is json file. Other storage methods to add word cloud graphs will be added in the near future.

Configuration items that need to be modified (./config/base_config.py):

```python
# Data storage type option configuration, supports three types: csv, db, json
#This needs to be saved in json format for the reasons mentioned above.
SAVE_DATA_OPTION = "json"  # csv or db or json
```

```python
#Whether to enable comment crawling mode, comment crawling is not enabled by default
#Here is True. Comments need to be crawled to generate a word cloud diagram of the comments.
ENABLE_GET_COMMENTS = True
```

```python
#wordcloudrelated
#Whether to enable generating comment word clouds
#Open word cloud chart function
ENABLE_GET_WORDCLOUD = True
```

```python
#Add custom words and their groups
#Add rules: xx:yy where xx is a custom-added phrase, and yy is the group name to which the phrase xx is assigned.
CUSTOM_WORDS = {
'Odds': 'Year', # Recognize "Odds" as a whole
'High frequency words': 'Professional terms' # Example custom words
}
```

```python
#Deactivate (disable) word file path
STOP_WORDS_FILE = "./docs/hit_stopwords.txt"
```

```python
#Chinese font file path
FONT_PATH= "./docs/STZHONGS.TTF"
```

**Related explanation**

- Adding custom phrases, `xx` in `xx:yy` is a custom word, `yy` is the group of words assigned to `xx`. `yy` can be given any value.

- If you need to add banned words, please add banned words in ./docs/hit_stopwords.txt (make sure the format is correct, one word per line)
- `FONT_PATH` is the format for generating Chinese fonts in the word cloud diagram. The default is Song Dynasty. You can add font files yourself and modify the path.

## 2. The location of generating word cloud diagram

![image-20240627204928601](https://rosyrain.oss-cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com/img2/202406272049662.png)

As shown in the figure, under the `words folder` under the data file, json is the word frequency statistics file and png is the word cloud diagram. The original comment content is under the `json folder`.
